POOR QUALITYT FABRIC. How can I give less than one star? Shipping fine but fabric is a very POOR quality. I plut it in the Goodwill bag! Ordered this a few months ago and never received it. I contacted the shop, but didn't get a response. I will contact Etsy for a refund. Never got my order. 45$ worth of produce two emails and never replied once. Beautiful artwork but will never buy again. I understand shipping but the owner should at least have the respect to reply to the customers. I will be getting my money back one way or another. I guess i will have to do as so many have before me and open a case up with Etsy. I Did not like this item at all it was very cheap and is not worth 17 or 18 dollars its overpriced and looks nothing like what the picture is online I wanted to send it back and get my money but i did not wanna pay extra shipping to send it back overall it was horrible!!! The thumb nail broke after 2 days, they're all essentially useless.It took like a full month before they were shipped and they were awful when I got them. The edges weren't colored and they were not pretty. I didn't even wear them. After about two and a half weeks I asked the owner if I could cancel it because it was been so long, and they declined. About a week and a half later I got them. Not impressed. This was the worst purchase I've ever made. If you want classy nails don't shop here. She's very rude and gives bad advice when fixing a problem related to the nails. Save your money and shop elsewhere. Will never buy from here again. Very disappointed with size of product and that it arrives in tiny box and product has no lid. Nearly three weeks after ordering and still haven't received the product. Very disappointing. I didnt receive any nails. Contacted seller and reassured more would be sent out but been nearly 3 months and still nothing. 0 stars from me. I followed the instructions for the nail measurements, but when I received it a month later — they were too small for me. Some nail were different lengths and it was noticeable, for instance pinky nails were a whole inch longer than my finger but my pointer finger nail was normal length. Some of the paint on the nails just seemed like it was rushed and the shape just was as disappointing as the others. I was mostly disappointed about the fact that I ordered a 20 pack, which didn't come with 20 nails. I paid for 14 nails... apparently. I'm just really upset with the whole thing and wish I saved the money to just go get my nails done in a salon. The case doesnt fit and the phone slides around in the case. Tried writing the company but no action was taken. Don't buy. Poor replica fake. Great quality cap but will never in a million years pass. Louis is turning in his grave. Would make a prank gift. Never got it. I was dumb enough to believe that an item without a tracking number would actually show up at my door. Don't buy from this shop, total scam!! Total scam the item I bought never turned up. I did not receive this item. Very disappointed. Need refund. I have not received this item in a month and a half, the owner doesn't seem to care that I haven't received anything and doesn't seem like I'm ever going to receive any of the items. Phone case is not bad quality but the picture printed is very blurry. Kind of dissaponting considering how long it took to ship. If it would have been a quality picture printed I wouldn't mind how long it took. I ordered a phone case from this shop on December 1. It was not until the 18th that I found out it had been canceled by the shop. It was a Christmas gift so it would have been good to know sooner....a lot sooner. The material is brittle so broke off at edges within weeks of buying the phone cover. Never received the item at all. I ordered a phone case for my daughter on December 1, 2018 for christmas and still have not received my item. Contacted the seller and all she could tell me is its in its way with no tracking information. I will never order for the seller again. Received item on the very last day of expected delivery. Product looks printed. My daughter and I are very disappointed this didn't glow. It was for her glow party and she was super excited but even with several layers it doesn't glow. Does not glow in the dark even under a black light. None of the three. The paint washes right off. The worst nail paint I have ever bought. It comes out when you wash or shower with hot water!!! I feel so embarrassed to have purchased and gifted these. There is also no way to contact the seller to ask for a refund... pathetic experience and so annoying. All the polishes are old!!!! Very disappointed there are not all natural, they have parabens In them. I came spilled and it's awful, i will be asking for my money back! It came off in the shower. Should have known by the price. Half of it was dried up and couldn't even be used. Came in a box with no packing all mixed up. Water based or something its really not great vibrant colors and it changes darker after it dries. These tiny bottles have the worse one I've ever used. No matter how hard I tried I could not get it to go on smooth. Since they are very smelly and hard to remove I would not give to young ones. Came with one missing nail polish but due to holidays I had To wrap it up because not enough time to return!Worst I've ever used. Not the same formula as the black formula, because that one is perfect and was purchased at walmart. Whatevers wrong with this pen, it's terrible, watery, and stained in ways no polish I've ever used has. Horrible. Never using this product. Super thin paint, like the rest of their line. Far cry from their old stuff. This is watered down junk. It can't even stand up to being painted over with a clear coat without wiping right off. I can't believe these are on the market. They're basically white out. Cable core is not full copper, some metal copper plated. Connectors do not appear to be gold plated. Connectors also are very poorly attached to wire. I read the product description and looked at the photo showing the layers broken down... the center was labeled as a "copper conductor". I was very unimpressed when I got the product and found it to be copper clad steel. They have sence updated there photo. Returning to get a cable with a true copper core. Got it in the mail. Charger worked. Put it in a drawer. Took it out 5 weeks later - it is dead. No amount of trying different outlets, usb cords, etc helps. Sad. Edit: contacted by seller after leaving 1star review. Seller offered to refund my money for the defective charger only if I improved my review. I told the seller that this was unethical. This thing is a piece of junk. I actually thought it was OK at first, but it has proven to be extremely unreliable as I've used it more. This is capable of maxing out at around 2100mA on my QC2.0 device - which seems acceptable enough at first glance, albeit a bit on the low side - but the problem is that I very rarely see numbers that high. It'll usually be putting out between 300-600mA, which is completely unacceptable. I can take my device straight from this charger when it's outputting 600mA, plug it into my OEM QC2.0 charger using the exact same power outlet and micro USB cable and immediately get 2400mA out of it (this varies depending on the device's current charge level, of course, but I just tested it when the device was at 45% and got those results). I have no clue how it works on QC3.0 because I don't currently have a device capable of that. Bottom line: do not buy this if you want a reliable QC2.0 charger. Purchased one, it lasted 3 days! Stupid me, bought another which lasted 1 day! Will NOT be purchasing any more! Both units stopped working with in 2 months. Worked great, but after several weeks, it stopped working. It stop working on me after two of having it... Please please dont waste ur money. This worked about ten days and then just quit. Dislike - it doesn't fit. I bought 2 of these based on the reviews. I used it for exactly a week and one of them already stopped charging. Worked great and fast charged my galaxy 7 then I plugged in my phone and nothing. I tried charger on different outlets and same results. For the price I should have figured they wouldn't last. But never thought it would only last a week. Spend the extra money. This is the fake GARBAGE that they sent to me! It's a FAKE KNOCK OFF of an Otterbox branded Symmetry Series case. Amazon's is made in China. The REAL Symmetry case is much different looking and comes in very expensive packaging!!! Total disappointment today!!! Did not protect the back of my phone from breaking. It was in my coat pocket and I was bent down getting something from the floor of my car when my phone slipped out of my pocket and fell to the driveway. I didn't even cringe, it was such a small distance and didn't sound like a hard fall. Very shocked to see the cracks across the back. Ive trusted in this brand for years and was very disappointed! I give one star because I can't give a 0... In the features says STAY-CLEAR / ANTI-YELLOWING, one of the main reasons I bought it. But after a week using it it's horrible. Looks like it's 2 colors! All the edge it's yellow, looks dirty. DONT BUY IT ! Ugh I had high hopes for this one, but I dropped my phone twice..and not from a skyscraper.. from less than 3 feet and both times my glass protector cracked.. thankfully I had the protector on it, but I have had the same screen protector on my phone since December ($40) and have dropped it many times without a scratch.. but since this case doesn't actually cover the phone.. it touches the ground first instead of the case.. and that's why it cracked it.. I went back to the other series.. Another thing ..the phone is hella slippery when your trying to use it.. no grip what so ever .. The only thing I liked was that I could use the Apple mirror in the back since it was see through. The box that this cheap silicone/ rubber cover came in states "Stylish Coice, Fashion Case" with a sticker stuck crookedly on front. The "case" does not have a hard back or a raised beveled edge. I know this is fake since I've had one for my previous iPhone and it was a wonderful product. Returning immediately. The quality is just so bad! So disappointed. Don't buy this item!
I wouldn't even give this 1 star but I have to at least choose 1. I received this on Oct. 30. One week later, my phone fell out of pants pocket and my phone screen shattered and the screen protector cracked as well. This phone case does not wrap around the side of the phone as it should. It's so flimsy and comes off the edges and sides very easily. The impact was on the corner of my phone and since the case doesn't wrap around it, the impact caused my screen to shatter. I wouldn't recommend the Symmetry series at all! DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT IF YOU THINK YOU'LL BE RECEIVING AN OTTERBOX-QUALITY CASE. It is a flimsy piece of plastic with a label slapped haphazardly on the case box. You are better off to purchase a plastic case from a reputable seller (and at least know what you're getting). The right size case was purchased and it does NOT cover the sides of my phone, and in fact, is so cheap, it bends and flexes when you pick up the phone...the sides come away from the phone, leaving it exposed to damage. Then, in an additional insult, I was charged $5.99 to return the item. I never leave reviews but felt I needed to on this particular item. You may get lucky and receive what you ordered (others seem to be happy) but I would tread cautiously when purchasing from this seller. Lesson learned. This product looked great upon arrival. However, after approximately 7 months, not only has the side rubber become yellow tinted and pliable. The structure of the product is compromised around the volume buttons. There is no support by the volume buttons and a drop from pocket height resulted in a cracked screen. The "body fat percentage" function on this scale stopped working after 2 months. It still showed weight, but the extra data is what I bought the darn scale for. Also the app is poorly designed. Would not buy again.  I bought these for a special father/daughter dance that had a glow-in-the-dark theme. My daughter applied copious amounts of all of the colors and none of them glowed in the dark. What a disappointment! When I went to return them, it said this item isn't returnable. I bought 4 packs of this stuff for my girl scout troop. The lip gloss glowed in the dark in its bottle but once on your lips was nothing but clear. I was extremely disappointed and would never recommend to anyone if you want your lips to actually glow in the dark. They don even glow on neon light dont waste your money! These would only glow under blacklight while standing less than a foot away from the light. Don't waste your money. My daughter was very disappointed, as these were for her birthday party. DO NOT believe ANY positive reviews about this product! It does absolutely nothing! I should have read the reviews before I purchased. Nothing glows. No color shows on lips. Serious issue with the sizing on this model of shoe. I have worn a sz13 for years with Nike, ordered these in sz13, way too big. Ordered sz12, too big. Just got them in a sz11.5 and they are still too long but are now too narrow. It seems the length of this model doesn't change. All of the sizes were marked as same width. No idea what's going on, totally disappointed. I purchased 2 pairs of these water shoes. One for my 8 year old and one for my 10 year old. They are completely destroyed after wearing them to the waterpark twice (we've had them for only 3 weeks)! There is a hole over 2 inches in the front of one of the shoes, where the top has ripped away from the sole. The other ones are about to tear all the way through too. These did not hold up well AT ALL! I was so excited when I found these but was very disappointed by the quality. My family hates the bulky water shoes so these seemed great and had decent reviews. Unfortunately, after one use at an indoor pool, where we were basically walking to and from the lockers and hanging in the lazy river, they did not hold up. I hate to see what they would look like after having them in the river or on a beach. The black ones are made of a different material that seems to hold together better, but the "fun" patterns look like they have seen better days after just one use. I wore these once in the pool to teach swim lessons and when I got out they had holes torn into the front part of each shoe. There is no rubber sole covering the front part so they are probably bad for the pool, since pool bottoms tend to have rough white coats. The shoe has one major flaw, the way it's made there is a seam that runs on the inside bottom of the shoe and the sole insert doesn't cover it... so you have a nice sharp annoying seam sticking up into your foot while you walk. Product look was really cute. Size was slightly larger than expected. The sole of the shoe had excellent traction and grip. However, the build and fabric of the shoe was very thin and flimsy. It had no support and felt like a cheap slipper or even socks. As cute as it was, I was left very disappointed. The overall quality wasn't worth the price I had paid. I bought two pairs of these for my daughters to wear to go swimming at the beach. Both pairs were ripped within the first hour. They are poorly made and snag on everything. Save your money. Disappointed. Purchased for trip. One day in pool and shredded/tore. Wore for another day as had nothing else. Looked lousy. Ended up buying replacements of a different brand that actually held up. Cute pattern. Decent fit. Comfortable. Crummy otherwise. I should have tried them on before I went on vacation but in my head I thought "They're water shoes, what could happen?" but low and behold the first time I go to put them on when I was on the boat already at sea and they ripped. They were still wearable for that day because the rip was at the top by my ankle where there's that little black lining but after taking them off and putting them back on throughout the day the hole was massive. I ended up having to buy some at the dock which worked out in my favor because they were way more comfy they these flimsy things. In my opinion, spend a few more dollars and get a better pair. Here's some of the bad:
- pairing is NOT as intuitive as it should be (requires the app, etc), still cheap plastic and might not last rowdy kids - your mileage may vary.
For example, I initially paired and they were fun, but they "lost" the pairing to the dot I used (don't know how/why). When I attempted to re-pair them, only one would pair, leaving me with a single button... Well, that's not any fun. They are a neat idea and I love the interactive nature of them and using them to involve sight, not just sound. These are really cool. However, they still feel "beta" to me. I wish they worked, as I would have loved to have them as a quick little diversion to play with my teenagers, but alas... My plan was to have an "exit button": create a routine to turn off my lights and thermostat and turn on my blink cameras and my vacuum... if everything works with individual voice commands, I thought that I could create a routine to do it.. BUT NO! I can create routines with some actions, like turning off lights, playing music or making Alexa to repeat a phrase, but it's just not possible to run a custom skill command.. and most of the devices are controlled by skills... this is a serious limitation that makes me wonder if I am in the wrong side of the home automation systems. Take too long to link to the device. Then they are not very responsive. Playing games is a little frusterating to launch then on top of that the games are terrible. Ordered 4. One doesn't work at all and so far there is only one available game that doesn't completely glitch. Super disappointing since we were hoping to use them for a party tomorrow. Useless and pointless. But at least they're difficult to set up and require a tiny screwdriver to install batteries. You know, like things that used batteries in the 70's did. Granted, even when set up and working properly, these just don't provide any fun playing bad games with Alexa, who barely understands English. Cheaply built - especially in comparison to current generation echo products. Useful only for games. Alexa provides no control flow and too limited a set of actions and links to make these buttons useful for home automation. Turn on a light? Easy once you dig up how to make rhese do anything HA related, which Alexa couldn't help with. Toggle lights like you do with an HA app? Nope. Looks like you can write your own code or add third party scripting apps, but that won't provide useful echo-based functionality that the family and guests can use. Also can't configure colors or brightness on these buttons to make them friendly to use. Thus far not worth the cost or the time wasted figuring out that this product isn't ready for prime time. I have sent my second set back and I'm done. Absolute junk. A huge letdown considering Amazon's usual high standards. Needed a return. Please do not buy this item, you will only be frustrated. Terrible product! I am ashamed I gave this as a gift to my wife & children! This has to be the worst product amazon has ever put out. Have tried 3 games...& haven't been able to complete any of them. The buttons won't communicate, games constantly stop in middle of play, buttons won't stay paired! Horrible experience! I doubt this is really meant for bodies. It does not come out of hair but it does not stay on skin (cracks off). I'm very upset with this camera as YI needs to make this more secure! Creepy voice came through the camera while my daughter was in the kitchen saying "HEY THERE" .... I immediately emailed the vender because I have my WIFI protected and the app that I use For this camera has a pin and that did not stop someone from creeping in! Watch the video below and you will hear the loser scare my child! Worked like a charm for less than one month until I now see color palate and pixel abnormalities in video constantly. There were no recent firmware updates, and I've tried resetting camera, reinstalling app, and even re-positioning camera to different lighting environments to no avail. Will be returning this device and ordering from a different manufacturer. WARNING: They will not let me cancel my subscription and are STEALING monthly payments from my account. Paypal is useless and we are now escalating to legal action for fraud and theft. THEY COULD DO THIS TO YOU. THEY ARE THIEVES (where my account is concerned, for legal reasons, I can only report my situation, and WARN OTHERS of their DECEPTIVE PRACTICES.) Used it for a few weeks and it worked fine but wasn't happy about all the permissions the app had. Then today a window popped up in the app forcing me to either agree to their "terms of use" and "privacy policy" or not be able to use it all. After reading through some of it I had seen enough and I'm returning it. Shirt size and color were not as expected. Shirt says Youth Small but is actually 4xs larger picture looks faded sent seller message still waiting on reply. 
I am only giving one star, not because of poor performance but so people will pay attention to my privacy concerns as others have voiced in their reviews. Horrible, right out of the box trying to pair it.... awful, doesn't respond except continuing to say waiting to connect. Try to update firmware, no response. I am a pretty geeky guy, and I have a big trouble trying to set this up..... try to google for solution, none help~ maybe i got a bad pair, who know. It does not work wiithout Wifi if you have tmobile. I am giving this camera one star because of the video quality. Can't connect without wifi. You cant' give less than one star. I gave one star thanks to the horrible cover of the item. Never seen such bad quality product. 
The bottom line is This camera does not work without Wifi. I have sent many emails to the manufacturer and they tried to convince me that with or without wifi this camera works.I went on vacation and I could not open the app if I was not connected to a Wifi. It worked only with wifi. I returned back home and still the camera cannot connect unless I connect to a wifi. The manufacturer was trying to convince me that I was having poor reception on vacation with my cellular service, bologna That I can understand somehow, but when I went home and still could not connect without Wifi I say the manufacture is full of it. The whole idea is to be able to use this app without wifi. Wifi is not available everywhere. I tried reinstalling and repairing the camera. No Luck. Maybe just me, but if can't connect to the internet without wifi I say this camera is a poor quality product. This was an experiment. I will go with something for expensive and reliable soon. Was severely disappointed in the fit. I triple checked the measurements and this should have fit with room to spare, instead it's extremely tight on the bottom and oddly cut up top. Adding insult to injury the dress is quite sheer so in full daylight you will see right through it. The color was not as depicted, supposedly dark green, hard to tell from my photos, though the two displaying the poor workmanship are an adequate representation: teal blue would be a better description. The fabric smelled of chemicals. I received the item with a 2-weeks delay. Can't trust the seller again! I didn't receive the item!
Poor workmanship on the uneven belt and an uneven hem, the fit is smaller than expected. My biggest beef though is that in ALL the model photos and ALL the customer photos there is a "waistband" which the tie/belt is part of, as you can see from my photos NO waist band, which makes the dress unflattering. Yes, there is a belt, the poorly made pictured one....alas no belt loop holes. Did not expect much for $20 but this item did not reach that low set bar. I purchased 2 matching shirts from this store for a birthday party.After completing my purchase the owner said she didn't have the size I wanted. She gave me 2 options get another size or wait for her to get the size I wanted. I decided to wait but after waiting about 3weeks she still sent me the smaller size because she couldn't get the size I wanted. Bad customer service, bad quality and I couldn't even use it because it was too small. I waisted my money! Useless product, so annoying. The product itself isn't o bad, but the seller was so rude! Bad quality, no customer service... One star is the best I can give to review my purchase! The worst purchase I've ever done, don't recommend it. Do not buy from this seller! The bag I received was different from the one I purchased, wrong colour, smaller than described... so bad! Just horrible, don't but it. Awful experience! THEY'RE THIEVES!!!! Be careful with them, you will not receive your purchase! It doesn't work, just a waste of money. 
